Tnolet docs update follow up (#655)
checkly/checklyhq.com: site/content/docs/cli/_index.md

---

The Checkly CLI gives you a JavaScript/TypeScript-native **workflow** for creating, testing, deploying and life cycling

> synthetic monitors (Checks) at scale, from your code base. We call this workflow **Monitoring as Code**.

Reviewer: Nice and thank you! IMO we should capitalize `Checks` in docs as it's our term.

First, make sure you sign up for a [free Checkly account](https://app.checklyhq.com/signup).

Then, get started by installing the CLI using the following command which will guide you through the required steps to
set up a fully working example.

```bash
npm create @checkly/cli
```

Now, login to your Checkly account.

```bash
npx checkly login
```

After this, let's dry run the Checks in your new project against the global Checkly infrastructure.

```bash
npx checkly test
```

This should report the following output to your terminal 

```
Running 5 checks in eu-west-1.

src/__checks__/group.check.ts
  ✔ Homepage - fetch stats (43ms)
src/__checks__/home.check.ts
  ✔ 404 page (7s)
  ✔ Homepage (7s)
src/services/api/api.check.ts
  ✔ Homepage - fetch stats (50ms)
src/services/docs/__checks__/docs-search.spec.ts
  ✔ docs-search.spec.ts (11s)

5 passed, 5 total
```

Lastly, you deploy your Checks and related alert channels to Checkly so we run your Checks around the clock.

```bash
npx checkly deploy
```

> ✨Et voilà, you have just created a synthetic monitoring Check based on Playwright from your code base! Open up [your Checkly dashboard](https://app.checklyhq.com) and you should see your Check, ready to start monitoring

Reviewer: ```suggestion
✨Et voilà, you have just created your entire synthetic monitoring setup with API and Playwright-based Browser Checks from your code base! Open up [your Checkly dashboard](https://app.checklyhq.com) and you should see your Check, ready to start monitoring
```
